fix: remove_idle_qubits(in_place=False) updating qubit count on the wrong module (#336)
qBraid/pyqasm: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

### Fixed

> - Fixed `remove_idle_qubits(in_place=False)` updating the qubit count on the wrong module: the original module's `num_qubits` was decremented while the returned copy kept the stale pre-removal count. The copy's AST was already correct; only the counters were swapped. ([#334](https://github.com/qBraid/pyqasm/issues/334))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `remove_idle_qubits(in_place=False)` updating the qubit count on the wrong module: the original module's `num_qubits` was decremented while the returned copy kept the stale pre-removal count. The copy's AST was already correct; only the counters were swapped. ([#336](https://github.com/qBraid/pyqasm/pull/336))
```
